# Introduction

This file will take you through the steps taken to create the Ethereum network as well as the two nodes that makeup, for now, the entire network. There is no action that needs to be taken by anyone after reading this file. This is only for educational purposes to highlight the steps that were taken before launching the network.

# Downloading Geth Tools

Before we create the network nodes and launch the network, we need the package of tools that allow us to create an Ethereum network.

1) Open you browser and navigate to the Go Ethereum Tools download page at: https://geth.ethereum.org/downloads/

2) Scroll down to the "Scroll down to the "Stable Releases" section and proceed depending on your operating system. In the case of ZBank, most employees will be using a macOS download.

3) Click the 'Gether & Tools 1.9.7 to download the applications.

4) Save this onto your Desktop as you will be using in shortly and frequently.

After downloading the geth tool package, navigate to the folder using your Terminal (mac users) or Gitbash (Microsoft users). From there we can begin by creating our network by creating our network nodes.

# Setting Up the Nodes

Before creating the genesis block and setting up the network we first need to set up the first two nodes.

1) Set up the first node by running the following command: *./geth account new --datadir node1

    a. This account is password protected. The password for this account is *zbank123

    b. This account also has the following public address key and path of the secret key that will be instrumental in launching the node and the network in the future:
        <u>Public address of the key<u>:   0x8E3d36A131a12dCdCdBB9e6A71C541E811D83315
        <u>Path of the secret key file<u>: node1/keystore/UTC--2021-02-07T19-14-07.979249000Z--8e3d36a131a12dcdcdbb9e6a71c541e811d83315
    
2) Set up the second node by running the following command: *./geth new --datadir Zbank2

    a. This account is password protected. The password for this account is * zbank123

    b. This account will also have a public address key and path of the secrete key, as shown below:
        <u>Public address of the key<u>:   0x0B8FF6C392090Ccf80a9d254d7Ba31A3199C818E
        <u>Path of the secret key file<u>: node2/keystore/UTC--2021-02-07T19-15-45.582062000Z--0b8ff6c392090ccf80a9d254d7ba31a3199c818e

# Create the Genesis Block and Set Up the Network

1) Navigate into the puppeth file using the following command: ./puppeth

2) Name your network. In this case, we have named it the following: zbank_test_network

3) From the "What would you like to do?" selection choose *2 in order to configure a new genesis block

4) From the "What would you like to do?" selection that follows, choose *1 in order to create a new genesis from scratch

 5) For the "How many second should blocks take?" step, press enter to use the default 15 seconds.

 6) After, past each of the public address for the nodes created above in the 'Which accounts are allowed to seal?' section. Please note that the "0x" for each account is already pre-populated for you so you don't need to include that in either address:
    
    a. Which accounts are allowed to seal? (mandatory at least one)
        > 0x8E3d36A131a12dCdCdBB9e6A71C541E811D83315
        > 0x0B8FF6C392090Ccf80a9d254d7Ba31A3199C818E
        > 0x

7) Repeat the last step in the "Which accounts should be pre-funded?" section.

8) Select 'no' in the pre-funded option for the precompile-addresses in order to keep the genesis block cleaner.

9) Specifying your chain/network ID is important as it will allow us to send transactions in the future. For this demonstration, the chain ID is *589. 

10) After specifying the ID, you can then select "manage Existing Genesis" from the subsequent menu by entering *2.

11) Select "Export genesis configurations" from the "modify existing configurations" section by selecting *2

11) Press 'enter' in order to create the zbank_test_network.json, zbank_test_network.json, zbank_test_network.json, zbank_blockchain.json files.






