# Introduction

After initializing each node, we can then "turn them on" by launching them into mining mode.

# Create a .txt file to hold our node passwords

To unlock our node accounts, we will have to create a file to hold our passwords. Making sure that we are in the blockchain_proof folder we can run the following command:

    cat > password.txt
    zbank123
    ^C

This will not only create the password.txt file, but will read into it the password for our nodes (zbank123).

# Unlock the first node

After creating the password.txt file we can unlock the first node. We will be reading into it the password file in order to unlock the account. Please run the following command:

    /geth --datadir node1/ --syncmode full --networkid 589 --rpc --minerthreads 1 --unlock 8E3d36A131a12dCdCdBB9e6A71C541E811D83315 --password password_node1.txt --mine --allow-insecure-unlock --nodiscover 


The information after the unlock is simple the public address for the first node (node1) and the rest of the code sets up the mining process and will allow us to communicate with our node through python.

# Unlock the second node

The process to initialize the second is very similar to the first. However, we will need information from our first node once it is in the mining process, primarily the *encode information:

To initialize the second node please run the following code *in a new Terminal window*:
    
    ./geth --datadir node2/ --syncmode 'full' --networkid 589 --unlock "0B8FF6C392090Ccf80a9d254d7Ba31A3199C818E" --password password_node2.txt --mine --allow-insecure-unlock --port 30304 --bootnodes "enode://4f289077b3062901c30c5412b863d41e9d2d0f46ad4c372da4c1b43b10db7e25344c4f94055ae191a4ec9fc7bdd22dfc253b6d98506f2a20c50b634e11a937f3@127.0.0.1:30303"

The information after the unlock is simply the public address for our second node and the information after the bootnodes is the encode information that you can get after initializing the first node. Additionally, the 'port 30304' is important because our first node used 30303 so we need to use a new port. The encode information will be different every time you unlock the first account, so you will have to navigate to that information in your Terminal window.
