# Introduction

After initializing our nodes, connecting them to the network, and subsequently unlocking the two node accounts, we are then ready to send a transaction. We will need to connect to MyCrypto Graphical User Interface ('GUI'), so before we start we will need to download MyCrypto.

# Downloading MyCrypto

1) Open from your browser and navigate to the downloads pages at https://download.mycrypto.com/

2) Depending on your operating system, you will be redirected to the corresponding application installer. If you are not correctly redirected, choose the appropriate installer for your operating system.

3) Once you download the installer, open the file, and follow the installation wizard.

# Change MyCrypto Network

After downloading MyCrypto, we will have to manually change the network configuration so that we are connected to the genesis block that we previously created. To do so, please follow the below steps:

1) Navigate to the bottom left panel on MyCrypto and click "Change Network".
[custom_network](Screenshots/MyCrypto_network.png)

2) Scroll down to the bottom of the list of networks and select "Add Custom Node"
[add_custom_node](Screenshots/add_custom_node.png)

3) Make sure that your "Network" is set to Custom on the next page.

4) Set up the Custom node by entering a node name, a network name, currency (ETH), and a chain Id, which should be *589 from the ID that we set up when first creating the genesis node.

5) The URL should be http://127.0.0.1:8545 for every computer.

6) After creating the new network we will have to import the keystore file from our node1. To do this we will:
    a. Select the "Keystore File" option in the main menu
    [Keystore_file](Screenshots/Keystore_file.png)
    b. Click "SELECT WALLET FILE" and navigate to the node1/keystore file, which will begin with UTC.
    [UTC_file](Screenshots/UTC_file.png)
    c. Enter the node password that was previously created. In this case, it is still zbank123.

7) Once in the wallet, put in an arbitrary amount of ETH (i.e. 1200) as well as the public address of your second node in the 'To Address' field. Note, that this time the address should be inclusive of the beginning 0x.

[wallet_preview](Screenshots/wallet_preview.png)

8) Next, click the 'Send Transaction' option and on the popup confirm the transaction information.

[Transaction_confirmation](Screenshots/Transaction_confirmation.png)


9) After sending the transaction, you can check the status of the transaction by selecting the "Check TX Status". You will be asked to logout. From there you will be taken to a page that has the status of the transaction. It may initially be reading as pending but will eventually be moved to successful.

[check_status](Screenshots/check_status.png)

[pending](Screenshots/pending.png)

10) The information above proves that this the ZBank network can send and receive crypto currencies and that they will be added to the blockchain in hash form!
